what's up guys and welcome to this pack
opening on a fifa 14 ultimate team now
there are some of the special 25k player
premium packs in the store and hopefully
and get some good players if you guys on
touch to any fifa 14 coins go and check
out the fifa shop Tokido UK that very
fast reliable source to buy coins from
all the links be down in the description
below and you can get an extra five
s'nob using the discount code Jack 54 HD
so without further ado let's move on to
this video then let's have a look and
see who we can get in these packs just
found coming from the pack obviously
there's a load of new transfer players
as well like matter a Honda wand on her
um he is not the greatest is he well
he's well I think Matt what matter was
released quite a while ago now but yeah
we managed to get the this guy i think
that Valdez guy hold on a second ass
where he used to play in well for Palmer
in the what is good for Parma in the
Syria that's what that's what's after
but yeah hopefully we get something good
later tonight I have got a second video
for you guys to see so make sure you
tune in for that will probably go live
around 9pm seeing as this will be going
up around half 67 just to give this
video a bit of time for you guys to see
you and so on and so forth and yeah
let's move on it to this next pack then
who do we manage to get with dani
álvarez that is class that is really
really good white will storm the club
wow that is that's one of the best packs
have hadn't in such a long time as well
we were to get flammen ii as a minute on
burnouts and then ask tomorrow to place
him on the transfer list quick ceremony
items i've just watched the United full
of match and yeah that's a bit
embarrassing isn't that the United of it
honestly I I felt really I know Fulham
scored the goal really early on by fell
out they could you know did well to
defend they were defending pretty well
they're pretty solid obviously is
because their part in the bus but you
know as a you know non-united fan
obviously I would want to see full and
win or fulham get something out of out
of it so I was kind of happy on that
front but at the same time hates me to
say it but I felt a little bit like
spare bit unfortunate of United fans but
I'm only kidding but now yeah let's move
on it to the full burqa thing that is
now yeah it's the 45 but yeah let me
know you know I had fun put in the
comment section below and fulham fans
how you saw that match today whether you
thought you deserved to win or a blood
draw what you thought would have been a
fair result so we get Fernando Torres
there as well because marrow sequeira
been all the sir of a touchy subject
down Ben and we will hold on now just
quick sell how do I quick settlement
many ARMs all right here we go quick so
the remaining items and we'll move on it
to the final pack for today is a
packable in episode right let's move
into it then twenty five thousand coins
let's have a look and see who we get
going back on the front of the pack
obviously we want to get transfer player
i think i might have got a transfer
player already but probably just not
noticing it I think that Valdez guy was
one but get Hernandez okay so he's you
know a good player FIFA but he's not
really worth too much so that is going
to be the end of the video guys if you
have enjoyed it and please be sure to
leave a like if I be absolutely amazing
if we can smash a thousand lights i'll
upload that video the second video even
sooner and also you're not in United
fans on fun and pans let me know your
thoughts in the comment section below
have a nice day hope you enjoyed it and
peace